feat(modal): refactored how we open the modal and removed prop selector (#700)
scania-digital-design-system/sdds: tegel/src/stories/Migration/Migration.stories.mdx

  </div>
</div>
```

## Modal

[Web component](/docs/components-modal--web-component)

#### Refactored how the modal is opened and removed dependacy to trigger

> The modal component has previously been opened via a trigger that was added on a button,
> which would be the controler of the button. This has now been refactored and the modal is
> now opened based on its own boolean prop, called `open`. This change is done in order to
> make the component more inline with how these sort of thing are generally done. We also
> dont want to assume that is is a button that controls the open/closed state of the modal
> and this approach gives you more freedom on how you open your modals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modal component was previously opened via a selector that was added on a button,
which would be the controller of the modal. This has now been changed and the modal is
now opened based on its own boolean prop, called `open`. This change is done in order to
make the component more in line with how these sort of thing are generally done. We also
don't want to assume that the open/closed state of the modal is controlled by a button. This approach gives you more freedom on how you open your modals.
```
Reformulated some things, and fixed some typos
